ENH: draw no output (#19968)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/users/next_whats_new/fig_draw_no_output.rst

Figure now has draw_no_output method
------------------------------------

Rarely, the user will want to trigger a draw without making output to 
either the screen or a file.  This is useful for determining the final 
position of artists on the figure that require a draw like text.

> This could be accomplished via ``fig.canvas.draw()`` but that is 
> not user-facing, so a new method on `.Figure.draw_no_output` is provided.  

Reviewer: This makes it sound like you could previously accomplish a *no output* draw with `fig.canvas.draw`, which afaict is only true if the user instantiated their own canvas and renderer, typically? 
```python
fig.canvas = backend_*.FigureCanvas*(fig)
renderer = backend_*.Renderer*(w, h, io.StringIO())
fig.draw(renderer)
```
or sth.

More importantly, `FigureCanvasBase.draw` is public, I guess I agree it's not a popular method probably, but I guess we shouldn't scare anyone reading this into thinking they weren't supposed to be using it.

```suggestion
None of the ways that currently exist to accomplish a draw without output 
were designed to be user-facing, so a new method,`.Figure.draw_no_output`, is 
provided.  
```

Author: `fig.canvas.draw()` always works, and is how constrained_layout etc work.   Its not meant to scare people from using it, its just saying why we are adding the convenience function - its buried on an attribute users don't usually consult, and hence don't know it exists.

Reviewer: interesting I could have sworn that in the past I would try that and it would complain that there is no canvas at all, or that there is no renderer at all...

but you're the expert so if it's true and I'm totally off base ofc leave it as is

Author: > maybe something like finalize_artists/layout

This is not really finalizing anything though - the typical use-case is getting the position and size of artists, or filling the ticks, so that you can *change* the layout!  I think `draw` but `no_output` is exactly what is happening here.  I guess we could complain that `draw` is jargon, but I think its more discoverable than `finalize`.  Maybe there is something else?

Author: > interesting I could have sworn that in the past I would try that and it would complain that there is no canvas at all, or that there is no renderer at all...

I mean, I can imagine its possible to get into that state if you are monkeying around at the low levels.  But `Figure.__init__` calls `FigureCanvasBase(self)` and  that sets the canvas.

Reviewer: In retrospect I agree finalize is a bad choice, especially since it has existing programming connotations. 

After trying to come up with a better name for some time, I'm now onboard with `draw_no_output` unless someone else has a better idea.

Author: Definitely open to suggestions, but maybe just because I know this is `fig.canvas.draw()` keeping draw in there seems appropriate.

We definitely have a tension in the library between simplifying things by removing simple wrappers, and adding simple wrappers so features are discoverable.  Personally, I think asking the user to understand there is a `canvas` to look for a `draw` method on is asking too much.

Reviewer 2: > I mean, I can imagine its possible to get into that state if you are monkeying around at the low levels. But Figure.__init__ calls FigureCanvasBase(self) and that sets the canvas.

This is relatively recent (3.2 or 3.3), before `Figure` would `__init__` with canvas as `None`.

> not user-facing, so a new method on `.Figure.draw_no_output` is provided.  

Reviewer 2: I don't agree that `fig.cavas.draw()` is not user facing, we use it through out the examples and tutorials!  I think the benefit here is that `draw_on_output` does not have any side effects out side of the `Figure` (where as `draw` may update a GUI or in the case of (iirc) the SVG backend require a file to be open), is marginally faster (due to the `renderer.draw_*` methods being stubbed out to no-ops), and is "at the top level" on the `Figure` object.

Author: Fair enough.  All I meant by that is unless you are making a GUI or a backend you never need to know about the canvas.   

I guess to suggest a heuristic to resolve the tension above: if we want users to know about and actively use an object in the normal course of things, we should guide them to it by removing top-level methods.  In the case of "axis" it is arguably useful for the user to know about the axis objects and manipulate them directly, so it's probably worth removing some of the shadowing methods on "axes".   For canvas I don't think we need any users to call methods on the canvas, unless of course they are making a GUI, so in this case it makes sense to bubble the method up.  

I'll change the wording (definitely fewer side effects is another great reason to switch), look into moving the implementation to the public method.  

We do use fig.canvas.draw a lot, so some follow up PRs would be great.  Probably a good first issue activity.

Author: New text:
```
Rarely, the user will want to trigger a draw without making output to 
either the screen or a file.  This is useful for determining the final 
position of artists on the figure that require a draw like text.
This could be accomplished via ``fig.canvas.draw()`` but has side effects,
sometimes requires an open file, and is documented on an object most users 
do not need to access.  The `.Figure.draw_no_output` is provided to trigger 
a draw without pushing to the final output with fewer side effects.
```
